Add additional information to MSACErrorReport (#2351)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-apple: CHANGELOG.md

# App Center SDK for iOS, macOS and tvOS Change Log

> ## Version 4.3.0 (Under development)

Reviewer: Don't forget to change it to 4.3.1, after it is updated after the current release.

Author: It will be changed after merging these changes to develop.

### App Center Crashes

> * **[Feature]** Add `(NSString *)description` method to convert `MSACErrorReport` to string and additional useful information about sent error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Feature]** Add `(NSString *)description` method to convert `MSACErrorReport` to a string and additional useful information about sending error.
```
